All right, hey there.
We're gonna go ahead and use the SD
card with the installed Lenar image and
install it and put it into the DragonBoard
so we can load up the OS, our new OS.
Here we go.
Just put it in this slot right here.
>> And then, before we plug it in,
we want to flip a few switches to let
the DragonBoard know that we're going
to be booting through a microSD card.
And, the configuration you want
that to be in would be 0110110.
So, we're gonna go ahead and
flip those switches down.
And once that's finished we're
going to power the board on.
Let that settle in.
And the board should be booting up.
And the lights indicate as such.
Now if we look at the screen for
the DragonBoard, you'll see,
as opposed to the regular, depending
on which operating system you have,
homepage, you get this installation guide.
You're gonna go ahead and
click this install.
And because we are installing a fresh OS,
we're then gonna override everything.
So make sure you
properly saved all of the files that you
need in an external source or something.
You're gonna click OK and this will take
a few minutes to a few seconds depending
on the speed of your DragonBoard and
how fast it can read and write the data.
So just sit back and relax, and
we'll wait for it to finish.
So as you can see on the screen here,
the OS has been successfully installed.
And as per the instruction, we're
gonna go ahead and remove the SD card.
And then press OK.
Now the screen should or
rather the DragonBoard should then boot
up and once it finishes booting up,
it might take a few more seconds than
usual because it is a first boot up.
It will be running the Lenaro or
the Ubuntu operating system.